feat: make pre-fetching opt-in (#79)
nnethercott/hannoy: README.md

}
```

## Tips and tricks
### Reducing cold start latencies
Search in an hnsw always traverses from the top to bottom layers of the graph, so we know a priori some vectors will be needed. We can hint to the kernel that these vectors (and their neighbours) should be loaded into RAM using [`madvise`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/madvise.2.html) to speed up search.

> Doing so can reduce cold-start latencies by several milliseconds, and is configured through the `HANNOY_READER_PREFETCH_MEM` environment variable.
> 
> E.g. prefetching 10MiB of vectors into RAM.
> ```bash
> export HANNOY_READER_PREFETCH_MEM=10485760

Author: ```suggestion
Doing so can reduce cold-start latencies by several milliseconds, and is configured through the `HANNOY_READER_PREFETCH_MEMORY` environment variable.

E.g. prefetching 10MiB of vectors into RAM.
```bash
export HANNOY_READER_PREFETCH_MEMORY=10485760
```
